U.S. Geological Survey, North American Atlas - Roads, North America, 2006

A joint venture involving the National Atlas programs in Canada (Natural 
      Resources Canada), Mexico (Instituto Nacional de Estadística Geografía e 
      Informática), and the United States (U.S. Geological Survey), as well as 
      the North American Commission for Environmental Co-operation, has led to 
      the release (June 2004) of several new products: an updated paper map of 
      North America, and its associated geospatial data sets and their metadata.  
      These data sets are available online from each of the partner countries 
      both for download. This data has been revised and re-released in 2006.

      The North American Atlas data are standardized geospatial data sets at 
      1:10,000,000 scale.  A variety of basic data layers (e.g. roads, 
      railroads, populated places, political boundaries, hydrography, 
      bathymetry, sea ice and glaciers) have been integrated so that their 
      relative positions are correct.  This collection of data sets forms a base 
      with which other North American thematic data may be integrated.  Any data 
      outside of Canada, Mexico, and the United States of America included in 
      the North American Atlas data sets is strictly to complete the context of 
      the data.

      The North American Atlas - Roads data set shows the roads of North America 
      at 1:10,000,000 scale.  The roads included in this data set are either 
      those that connect major centres of population or selected frontier roads.  
      Roads under construction are not shown.  There are three road classes: 
      Major roads, which are divided, multi-lane, limited access highways; 
      Secondary roads, which are all roads that do not meet the definition of 
      major roads; and Ferries, which are major ferry links which run either 
      year round or through periods when ice conditions permit.

Attributes:
COUNTRY: Country - The country in which the road exists.
TYPE: Type - The road classification
UIDENT: Uident -         The unique identifier.  A unique number that is assigned to each feature 
        in the North American Atlas data.  The last two digits of the identifier 
        are a suffix indicating the map layer.

ROAD_L_: Road L  - Road

exported on Mon Oct 03 15:45:44 -0400 2011
